I think right now I am the luckiest man
in the whole world I get to dancing
Jerry Hall and spend time with her she I
love Angela I'm so happy he's my partner
he's the best one I was very nervous
before rehearsals I had a sort of slight
panic attack thinking about actually
dancing in front of so many people but
Anton made me feel very confident he's a
fabulous partner I love my new partner
and you know he sort of played it with
my strengths well we're doing the
cha-cha-cha first we cut it's quite a
fast dance cha-cha-cha step cha-cha-cha
and step step cha-cha-cha
but it's a very stylish dance and
Jerry's got a lot of natural moves that
she does which suit the cha-cha-cha
things she just does who kicks the leg
in she walks she rolls the shoulders
just fix the hair all these things are
fabulous for the cha-cha-cha so we're
going to use all of them along Honda
two cha-cha-cha wawk wawk wawk
like that one so I almost don't want to
get in her wife I'm just trying to work
out a way of getting it the just Jerry I
get everything I did you could sing that